[WIP] Adding the Task Manager info to the UI doc (#13)
migtools/mta-documentation: docs/topics/mta-web-controlling-task-order-with-task-manager.adoc

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.3
:_template-generated: 2024-08-07
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="mta-web-controlling-task-order-with-task-manager_{context}"]
= Controlling the order of task execution

You can use *Task Manager* to preempt a {ProductFullName} task you have scheduled for execution. 

[NOTE]
====

> You can only set *Preemption* for automated tasks (language discovery or technology discovery).

Author: ```suggestion
You can enable *Preemption* on any scheduled task (not in the status of *Running*, *Succeeded*, or *Failed*). However, only lower-priority tasks are candidates to be preempted. When a higher-priority task is blocked by lower-priority tasks and has *Preemption* enabled, the low-priority tasks might be rescheduled so that the blocked higher-priority task might run. Therefore, it is only useful to enable *Preemption* on higher-priority tasks, for example, application analysis.
```

> ====

Reviewer: You can enable preemption on any task.
However, it's only has an affect on higher priority tasks such as analysis.  Thus, only useful to enable on analysis tasks.

Author: @mguetta1, please, check the new text we created together with @jortel.

Reviewer: The 2nd.
> lower-priority tasks are candidates to be preempted means that they are candidates to be rescheduled in favor of higher tasks?

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.3
:_template-generated: 2024-08-07
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="mta-web-controlling-task-order-with-task-manager_{context}"]
= Controlling the order of task execution

> You can use *Task Manager* to preempt a {ProductFullName} task you have scheduled for execution to rearrange execution priority. 

Author: ```suggestion
You can use *Task Manager* to preempt a {ProductFullName} task you have scheduled for execution. 
```

[NOTE]
====

> You can only set *Preemption* for the following tasks:
> 
> * Automated tasks (language discovery or technology discovery)
> * Task you scheduled yourself (application analysis).

Author: ```suggestion
You can only set *Preemption* for automated tasks (language discovery or technology discovery).
```

====

.Procedure

. In the *Migration* view, click *Task Manager*.
. Click the *Options* menu ({kebab}) for the selected task.

> . Depending on your scenario, complete one of the following steps:
> 
> ** To enable *Preemption* for the task, select *Enable preemption*. 
> ** To disable *Preemption* for the task with enabled *Preemption*, select *Disable preemption*.

Author: ```suggestion
. Enable *Preemption* for the task by selecting *Enable preemption*. 
```

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.3
:_template-generated: 2024-08-07
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="mta-web-controlling-task-order-with-task-manager_{context}"]
= Controlling the order of task execution

> You can use *Task Manager* to preempt a {ProductFullName} task you have scheduled for execution to rearrange execution priority. 

Reviewer 2: @mpershina I think that `{ProductFullName}` is redundant here, but it is up to you.

Author: It's just our doc rules. We should mention full names when the the utility/technology appears in the section for the first time.

Reviewer 2: I see. I meant to not mention here the project name at all

Author: Yeah, could be an option, of course, I guess, it's just better for the reader :-) Let's see what the doc reviewer will say about it.

[NOTE]
====
You can only set *Preemption* for the following tasks:

* Automated tasks (language discovery or technology discovery)

> * Task you scheduled yourself (application analysis). These tasks have priority over automated tasks.

Reviewer 2: Please remove `These tasks have priority over automated tasks.` - I don't think it is always true.

Author: Oki, got it! I just took that from the presentation.

> * Task you scheduled yourself (application analysis). These tasks have priority over automated tasks.

Author: ```suggestion
* Task you scheduled yourself (application analysis).
```

====

.Procedure

. In the {ProductShortName} user interface (UI), select the *Migration* view. 

> . Open the *Task Manager* page.

Author: @mguetta1, it would be great to have a screenshot of how the Task Manager page looks like here :-) age.

Reviewer 2: Sure, I will send to you

Author: Thanks! Received the screenshot - will attach it to the procedure.

. Click the *Options* menu ({kebab}) for the selected task.

> . Depending on you your scenario, complete one of the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
. Depending on your scenario, complete one of the following steps:
```

> . Depending on you your scenario, complete one of the following steps:

Reviewer 2: Please remove redundant word `you`

:_newdoc-version: 2.18.3
:_template-generated: 2024-08-07
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

[id="mta-web-controlling-task-order-with-task-manager_{context}"]
= Controlling the order of task execution

You can use *Task Manager* to preempt a {ProductFullName} task you have scheduled for execution to rearrange execution priority. 

[NOTE]
====
You can only set *Preemption* for the following tasks:

* Automated tasks (language discovery or technology discovery)
* Task you scheduled yourself (application analysis).
====

.Procedure

. In the {ProductShortName} user interface (UI), select the *Migration* view. 
. Open the *Task Manager* page.
+

> image::task-manager-page.png[Task Manager]

Reviewer 2: I suggest that the image will be somewhere in the beginning of the task manager section:
`docs/topics/mta-web-controlling-tasks-with-task-manager.adoc`
